not sure what to expect from a
one-on-one with me let me give you some
examples i had one one-on-one session
where the goal was to help the business
owners set up their first google ads
campaign so that's what we did
i had another session with the marketer
who manages google ads for a living and
had a list of 12
technical questions to go through so we
covered those all in a session i had
another business owner who just said to
me like i have an ecommerce business i
want to understand how i'm doing and so
for that we covered google search
console and google analytics and then
another one-on-one session was more
about marketing strategy how do i build
a marketing marketing strategy how do i
start doing content marketing so by the
end of the session i had a clear plan
for how to do that
basically some coaches have a set thing
they always do in every hour and others
really personalize it and not saying one
is better right wrong but mine is more
personalized approach when you book a
one-on-one with me one of the questions
you have to answer is what is one thing
you want to get out of our hour together
and i'll make sure you get that out of
it
i also think it's worth noting here that
i send out a feedback survey after every
single 101 session i do and 100 of
people who responded so they would
recommend a session to a friend and 100
of people who responded say that the
session either met or exceeded their
expectations let me know if you have any
other questions